# Fake-News-Detection
This is a project for detecting Fake news using Natural Language Processing and Deep learning. 
Internet and social media have made the access to news information much easier and comfortable. When people need to follow their event of interest, they just use their phones online. Unfortunately, some challenges have become apparent in disseminating information. More clearly, the prevalence of information on the Internet and social media has made it difficult for users to distinguish between fake and real news. As a result, mass media which has a great influence on society may manipulate information in different ways. It means that people can easily produce mixed news of true and false information or false information completely. This has given motivation that there are several websites generating false information exclusively. Our idea comes here to create a model detecting fake news. Throughout the semester, we could train over different types of machine learning algorithms and found neural network algorithms to be the best in terms of accuracy. We have tried different types of hyperparameters of the network to achieve an acceptable result. We could reach 69% accuracy with our implementation, and 72% accuracy using the Sklearn MLP classifier. To be able to train words in a neural network, we used Skip gram Word2Vec to have numerical representation for each word. We believe that it is a good start to be able to improve the model further in the future. We use web applications as a bonus to clarify our idea of fake news.
